README.md, before:

# GOV.UK Frontend with Laravel Breeze

A Laravel Breeze scaffolding for [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend).

GOV.UK Frontend contains the code you need to start building a user interface for government platforms and services.

See live examples of GOV.UK Frontend components, and guidance on when to use them in your service, in the [GOV.UK Design System](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/).


*Current version:* **GOV.UK Frontend 3.9.1**

## Usage

1. Fresh install Laravel and cd to your app directory.
2. Install this package via `composer require cabinetoffice/laravel-breeze-govuk-frontend --dev`. Laravel will automatically discover this package. You do not need to register the service provider.
3. Use `php artisan breeze:install-govuk` to install. **See note about error from Laravel Breeze below**.
4. `npm install && npm run dev`
5. You may need to carry out additional configurations and database migration depending on your set up.
6. `php artisan serve` to run server and test.

### Note: Dealing with Laravel Breeze installation error
This package installs Laravel Breeze as part of its installation. If Laravel Breeze generates error this will be flagged and installation of this package will stop.
You can ignore errors generated by Laravel Breeze and keep on installing by using `--ignoreBreezeError=true` option with the install command, i.e. you would run: `php artisan breeze:install-govuk --ignoreBreezeError=true`.

## GOV.UK Preset for Laravel UI (old Laravel UI version)

#### Laravel 6.0+/7.0+ UI/frontend preset for GOV.UK Frontend, without Laravel Breeze

For Laravel 7, use the latest version of this preset - `composer require cabinetoffice/laravel-govuk-frontend-preset`

For Laravel 6, use the version tagged as 1.0.3 - `composer require cabinetoffice/laravel-govuk-frontend-preset:1.0.3`

### Maintainers
The preset has been developed by Digital Communication, Cabinet Office and No10 Communication.

### Contributing
If you want to contribute, please do so with a pull request. 

### Security Vulnerabilities
If you discover vulnerability with this preset, please send an email to webmaster@cabinetoffice.gov.uk.

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an email to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com.

### License

Crown Copyright, 2020.

Commit message:

Fixed typos and updated link to old packages.

README.md, after:

# GOV.UK Frontend with Laravel Breeze

A Laravel Breeze scaffolding for [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend).

GOV.UK Frontend contains the code you need to start building a user interface for government platforms and services.

See live examples of GOV.UK Frontend components, and guidance on when to use them in your service, in the [GOV.UK Design System](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/).


*Current version:* **GOV.UK Frontend 3.9.1**

## Usage

1. Fresh install Laravel and cd to your app directory.
2. Install this package via `composer require cabinetoffice/laravel-breeze-govuk-frontend --dev`. Laravel will automatically discover this package. You do not need to register the service provider.
3. Use `php artisan breeze:install-govuk` to install. **See note about error from Laravel Breeze below**.
4. `npm install && npm run dev`
5. You may need to carry out additional configurations and database migration depending on your set up.
6. `php artisan serve` to run server and test.

### Note: Dealing with Laravel Breeze installation error
This package installs Laravel Breeze as part of its installation. If Laravel Breeze generates error this will be flagged and installation of this package will stop.
You can ignore errors generated by Laravel Breeze and keep on installing by using `--ignoreBreezeError=true` option with the install command, i.e. you would run: `php artisan breeze:install-govuk --ignoreBreezeError=true`.

## GOV.UK Preset for Laravel UI (old Laravel UI version)

#### Laravel 6.0+/7.0+ UI/frontend preset for GOV.UK Frontend, without Laravel Breeze

There are couple packages from us, available at https://packagist.org/packages/cabinetoffice/laravel-govuk-frontend-preset.

### Maintainers
The package has been developed by Digital Communication, Cabinet Office and No10 Communication.

### Contributing
If you want to contribute, please do so with a pull request. 

### Security Vulnerabilities
If you discover vulnerability with this package, please send an email to webmaster@cabinetoffice.gov.uk.

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an email to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com.

### License

Crown Copyright, 2020.
